Why use link? We can use our a tag which will also work. But why use Link.
Link function comes with a  way to add custom styles and classes to the elements. So example if i am on the about page i can customise the style of about link letting the user know which page i am on. To add these custom classes and styles we are gonna add some props to our link. One of these is 'activeClassName' and this is gonna specive the name to give to anchor tag once it is generated. So when we are on home page that anchor tag will have active class and other will not have it. We can do exact same thing for others. Now when we go to browser and inspect the dom, we check the home element we get class="active". Now before we switch pages we will add 'activeStyle' prop. This is gonna let us define some styles inline.  and we will we using this for the moment until we add our own css. So we add activeStyle prop setting it equal to JSX expression. This JSX expression expects a object. And we copy paste into other ones. To set '-' css property(example font-weight) in activeStyle we use fontWeight. Now when we refresh our app we can see visual changes. The active class looks bold. 

Now when we go to developer tools and change our page we see our previous link has also active class style applied to it, and is still bold. This is because of the way we have nested our Routes in app.jsx. Now technically path starts with / and getWeather is getting matched. When we are nesting like this where we want to show the main component on every page, we have to use different component. So a general rule is that when we are using IndexRoute we dont want to use Link we should use indexLink.  We dont have to change too much. So now we refresh the broser and we get our app. 